#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pylint
babel==2.9.1
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
black==22.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
build==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
celery==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   notifications-api-common
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
cryptography==39.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
ddt-api-calls==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django==3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ddt-api-calls
    #   django-axes
    #   django-choices
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-jenkins
    #   django-markup
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rest-framework-condition
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-sniplates
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-axes==5.25.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-better-admin-arrayfield==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-choices==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
django-cors-middleware==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
django-ipware==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-axes
django-jenkins==0.110.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-markup==1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
django-ordered-model==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-privates==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-relativedelta==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-rest-framework-condition==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
django-rosetta==0.9.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-sendfile2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-privates
django-simple-certmanager==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-sniplates==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-solo==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-webtest==1.9.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
drf-nested-routers==0.93.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
elastic-apm==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
faker==18.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
    #   zgw-consumers
flake8==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
gemma-zds-client==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
idna==3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iso-639==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
isort==5.9.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreschema
    #   sphinx
josepy==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
kombu==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   astroid
markdown==3.3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mozilla-django-oidc==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
notifications-api-common==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
oyaml==1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
packaging==21.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   build
    #   drf-yasg
    #   sphinx
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
pep8==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pip-tools==6.12.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
platformdirs==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   pylint
polib==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-rosetta
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   click-repl
psycopg2==2.9.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
pygments==2.10.0
    # via sphinx
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   vng-api-common
pylint==2.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pyopenssl==23.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   zgw-consumers
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   packaging
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dotenv==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   django
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   oyaml
    #   vng-api-common
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-redis
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   ddt-api-calls
    #   django-rosetta
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   requests-mock
    #   sphinx
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ddt-api-calls
    #   zgw-consumers
ruamel-yaml==0.17.16
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-yasg
sentry-sdk==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   click-repl
    #   django-choices
    #   django-markup
    #   isodate
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tblib==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pylint
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
vng-api-common[markdown_docs]==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
waitress==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
wheel==0.37.0
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   astroid
zgw-consumers==0.25.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   notifications-api-common

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
